Yo, what's up, guys?
Bye.
Now check this out, one day back in the belly, four guys wanted to sing.
They came up to me, I said, but what's your name?
What's the name?
Hey, you know what I'm saying?
And then I said, all right, fellas, let me see what you can do.
And then a smile one day whining and said, yo, Mike, check this out.
See if this one moves you.
Boy, it's the man, ABC, baby.
Hey, you're all my love.
Cause that's all right.
Girl, it won't be there for you.
Ain't got no time for part-time loving in my mind But you want to be loved, huh?
Hey, that's okay If I fall in line right with my sexuality But you gotta be real And you gotta be true Cause I don't know why this thing ain't got no time for you
.
and back to the field.
Bye.
Informer, you know the enemy told me I have a blame.
I like the bomb bomb now.
Take the money to see the enemy told me I have a blame.
I like it boom, boom, damn.
These are them alone for me, now they blow down me door.
Bring me the car through, through my window.
So they put me in there, but they call at the station.
From that point, I'm gonna reach my destination.
When the destination is, you're not a easy tension.
We're the loot on the pants, look up me, but I'm so informant.
You know, they don't miss me, they have a blame.
I like it boom, boom, damn.
Take them on the street, they don't miss me, they don't miss me, they stop somewhere down there.
I like it boom boom there, I'm in for me, you know, say then I miss no me, I go blame.
I like it boom boom there, I'm in for me, say then I miss no me, I go blame.
.
Let's go.
Come with a nice young lady.
Intelligent, yeah, she juggal ain't harry.
Every way me go, me never left for a tolling.
You say that it's no me, you're the ram dance man.
Run me to the dance, I'm in a in a nation.
You never know, say that it's no me, you're the boom shaker.
Tell me, never lay you down first in a one-train boat dance.
Why, why, why, why, why, why
Kiss what?
No.
It doesn't mean that I'm not standing up.
No, no, no.
Oh, my, forgive me for heavy strength.
No, it doesn't mean.
We will block you with your chance.
Thank you.
¶¶
Bye.
Thank you.
We'll be right back.
Why does it have to be so good?
It should be those who think it's dirty.
Have a choice.
Pick up a needle, breath, pause, or turn the radio off.
Will that stop us, Ben?
I doubt it.
All right, then.
Come on, spin.
Let's talk about sex, baby.
Let's talk about you and me.
Let's talk about all of the things and the bad things that make me.
Let's talk about sex.
A little bit, a little bit.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Try to make any man vibe.
Pops, use the street.
They men of taste, lawyers, doctors No one was too great for her to get wit or even mess with The press, she says, was next on her list And, believe me, you, it's as good as true There ain't a man alive that she couldn't get next to She had it all in the bag So she should've been glad But she was mad and sad and feeling bad Thinking about the things that she never had No love, just that, followed the answers with the check and the notes That last night was dope, dope, dope, dope
Let's follow up 620 Let's follow up
Ladies, all the ladies Louder now, help me out Come on, all the ladies All right, ladies, all the ladies Louder now, help me out Come on, all the ladies
Let's talk about that.
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner, sometimes I feel like my only friend is the city I live in, the city of angels, lonely as I am.
I drive on the streets, cause she's my companion.
I walk through with her, cause she knows who I am.
She sees my good dancing, she kisses you Wendy.
And I never worry, now that is a lie.
Like I did that day, take me to the place I love.
Take me all the way that I don't ever want to be.
There's nobody out there It's hard to believe That I'm all alone At least I have her love To see that she loves me Lonely as I am Together we cry I don't ever wanna be
Take me away
I could not get enough Oh, God, I'm not my love
Thank you.